So in this course and in CloudFormation,
I think what you will see most often
is going to be YAML templates.
And YAML is a language, as well as JSON,
that you can use to write CloudFormation templates.
I personally think that JSON is a horrible way
to write CloudFormation templates
because of many string interpolations and so on,
and YAML is great in so many ways,
especially for readability,
and to construct it in an easy matter.
So let's learn a little bit more about YAML in this lecture,
so you feel confident about reading these things.
So on the left-hand side, what I have, as you can expect,
is a YAML document.
And a YAML document is made of key value pairs.
And as you can see on the left-hand side,
the first one we have is invoice.
Invoice with a value, it's a number.
We have date, and then we have a string.
And then we have bill-to,
and within bill-to, as you can see,
the column has a indentation to the right,
and then we have multiple key value pairs.
So it turns out that this is what's called a nested object.
So we can nest objects within JSON.
And so the bill-to key has access to an object
within given, Chris,
family, Dumars,
and then address and so on is another nested object.
It supports array.
So if you look at products, there is a minus sign here,
which represents an array.
So we have multiple products.
So this is the first one,
and this is the second one.
And in each product we have SKU, we have a quantity,
we have a description, and a price.
And it supports multi line strings,
so around address lines, we have a vertical bar here,
which represents a multi line string.
And also, we can include comments.
They haven't been represented here, but I will show you them
in our own CloudFormation templates.
So learning how to read YAML
and how to make sense of it is very important,
and better if you can even write it.
But let's have a look at the CloudFormation templates
we have used so far.
So this one is a CloudFormation template.
The first block was resources.
We have a nested object within resources.
We had MyInstance, which had another nested object,
and the type was a key value.
So type was EC2 instance, this is a string.
And then properties also was a nested object
in which we had three key value pairs.
If we have a look at this one,
we had, again, a bunch of nested objects here too.
Here we have a dash,
so we have a list of security groups here.
Here's the first security group,
and here is the second security group.
We also had a hash sign here.
So hash is for comments,
so here you can have comments in YAML,
which is very, very nice.
And here is another list made of one element,
but still, it's a list.
And here is a list of two elements.
So as we can see,
YAML makes our templates very easy to read, in my opinion.
And once you get used to it,
you really unleash the power of CloudFormation.
So that's it.
I hope this introduction to YAML was good for you,
and I will see you in the next lecture.